Remove init and reset (#1149)
greenplum-db/pxf: package/README.md

* the RPM installs PXF server into `/usr/local/pxf-gpX` directory (e.g. `/usr/local/pxf-gp6`)
* the RPM is relocatable, a user can specify --prefix option when installing the RPM to install the server into another directory
* the PXF greenplum extension is initially installed by RPM alongside the PXF server and is not initially active

> * the PXF greenplum extension is copied into Greenplum install location during `pxf register` command issued by a user after the install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the PXF greenplum extension's control file is copied into Greenplum install location during `pxf register` command issued by a user after the install
```
